Ask yourself the following questions. If you can't answer all of them, review the study materials and your notes until you can.

What is the definition of abstraction?
Abstraction is the process of turning complex ideas into simple ones. 
It is removing characteristics from something so that only the essential ones remain.

What is an object?
An object is a conceptual model for a category of things, 
real or imagined, that has a specific responsibility within our program.

What three elements does an object have?

Objects have state and behavior that allow them fulfill their responsibility.

An object consists of : 

State: It is represented by the attributes of an object. It also reflects the properties of an object.
Behavior: It is represented by the methods of an object. It also reflects the response of an object to other objects.
Identity: It gives a unique name to an object and enables one object to interact with other objects.

 
What is a class?
 a class is just a template for something. It only becomes
useful when an instance is created and assigned to a variable in your program.

What is a method?
A method is a function that “belongs to” an object. 
(In Python, the term method is not unique to class instances: other object types can have methods as well. 
For example, list objects have methods called append, insert, remove, sort, and so on.

What is a constructor?
is the name of the class followed by parentheses. 
Some programming languages, like Java, C# and others, require the "new" keyword when calling a constructor.

What is an attribute?
Attributes of a class are function objects that define corresponding methods of its instances. 
They are used to implement access controls of the classes. 
Attributes of a class can also be accessed using the following built-in methods and functions : 
getattr() This function is used to access the attribute of object.

What is an instance?

An instance is the realization of attributes and methods in the computer's memory. an instance is a copy of the class with actual values.

What is the syntax for defining a class?
Class creates a user-defined data structure, which holds its own data members and member functions, which can be accessed and used by creating an instance of that class. A class is like a blueprint for an object.

Some points on Python class:  

Classes are created by keyword class.
Attributes are the variables that belong to a class.
Attributes are always public and can be accessed using the dot (.) operator. Eg.: Myclass.Myattribute
Class Definition Syntax:

Class Definition Syntax:

class ClassName:
    # Statement-1
    .
    .
    .
    # Statement-N

What is the syntax for defining a constructor?

What is the syntax for defining a method?

What is the syntax for defining an attribute?

What is the syntax for creating an instance of a class?

What is the syntax for accessing an attribute?

What is the syntax for invoking a method?

What is alternative meaning for the word object?